Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/extending-neo4j/best-practices.adoc

= Best practices

It is important to consider any security implications of deploying customized code.

> Refer to the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/security/securing-extensions[Operations Manual -> Securing Extensions] for details on best practices for securing user-defined procedures and functions.

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/security/securing-extensions[Operations Manual -> Securing Extensions] for details on best practices for securing user-defined procedures and functions.
```
